Add documentation when component tagName is an empty string (#807)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/components/customizing-a-components-element.md

</ul>
```

If `tagName` is null:

> When the `tagName` is assigned to null value, default `div` tag will be provided by ember but element bindings such as `classNameBindings` will not be available for the root element in component. 

Reviewer: since we typically avoid putting things in the guides that we don't want users to do, we would want to add some prose here about how this is not a recommended path, but that developers might want to understand what is happening if they see this in some code.

Author: @MelSumner : Thanks for your suggestion. Do you think it make more sense to add a new note on this under **Application Concerns** section in the guides?

Author: @MelSumner : I modified the file based on your suggestions. Please let me know if you have any more comments/suggestions.

Author: @MelSumner : I modified the file based on your suggestions. Please let me know if you have any more comments/suggestions.

```javascript
import Component from '@ember/component';

export default Component.extend({
  tagName: ''
});
```

```handlebars
<p>
  This is my component
</p>
```

> Above javascript and handlebars code for component will generate the following markup:

Reviewer: "This code will generate markup that looks like this:"

</ul>
```

> Note: It is not recommended to use null tagName .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: It is not recommended to use `tagName: ''`.
```

Reviewer 2: Fixing this should also fix the failing test, since the spellchecker ignores words that are wrapped in backticks.

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> The following example explains usecase when `tagName` is null:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, if you see `tagName: ''` in an app, it is good to know what that means. The following example explains the use case and effects.
```

Reviewer 3: Do we mention somewhere that they are called tagless components? `tagName: null` is not valid, so we should definitely tweak that wording in the text.

> When the `tagName` is assigned to null value, default `div` tag will be provided by ember but element bindings such as `classNameBindings` will not be available for the root element in component. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, Ember wraps components in `div` tags, but when the `tagName` is assigned to an empty string, there is no wrapping HTML element. Element bindings such as `classNameBindings` will not be available for the root element in component.
This also affects re-render behavior in ways that might be unexpected, so strong test coverage is important, especially for apps that use DOM selectors.
```

> ```javascript

Reviewer 2: If you add {data-filename=app/components/my-component.js} after the word handlebars and the filename and type will show up in the Guides.

import Component from '@ember/component';

export default Component.extend({
  tagName: ''
});
```

> ```handlebars

Reviewer 2: If you add `{data-filename=app/templates/components/my-component.hbs}` after the word `handlebars` and the filename and type will show up in the Guides.

<p>
  This is my component
</p>
```

> 

Reviewer 2: I suggest to add the following here:

If we use this component in a route:

```handlebars {data-filename=app/templates/some-route.hbs}
<h1>
    A Route using a tagless component
</h1>
<MyComponent />
```

This code will generate markup that looks like this:

```html
<div class="ember-view" id="ember173">
  <p>
    This is my component
  </p>
</div>

> ```

Reviewer 2: Replace this example with:

```handlebars
<h1>
    A Route using a tagless component
</h1>
<p>
   This is my component
</p>
```
